 # YouTube Playlist
    #### Video Demo: [https://youtu.be/BJnCxcv14L0]
    #### From where did the idea come?:
    The idea for this project came to me when one of my friend's Gmail account was stolen. Unfortunately, he wasn't able to get it back, and he lost some valuable pieces of information. Among them there was also his YouTube account with all the playlists he has created throughout all the years of using that application. As I am a big fan of music myself, I thought that it would be considerable to save those playlists in multiple places as an additional form of backup. I tried to put most of the code into functions to make the whole program more readable. I tried my best and hopefully done it right. To be honest, it was the first time I have ever done something like this.
    #### Files:
    Files which are included are: project.py including code of my program,
                                  test_project.py including tests to functions from project.py,
                                  starting_menu.csv a csv file containing a data for menu which is printed at the beginning,
                                  requirements.txt including all the additional libraries used in the project,
                                  README.md current file with description.
    #### Libraries:
    At the beginning of the project.py (in which there is code of the     program) there are libraries which are necessary for the whole program to run properly. Here is the list of them: pytube, csv, sys, pyfiglet, tabulate, os, re, os.path, unicodecsv. They are also listed in the requirements.txt file. Their usage will be explained later
    #### Starting menu:
    The first thing which can be seen is a writing: ""What would you like to do?" written in a fancy way thanks to the pyfiglet library. It is achieved by usage of function welcome(). Then a menu converted similarly to the previous writing can be seen. It is done thanks to the usage of tabulate library. Data for that menu can be found in starting_menu.csv file, which looks like this. 
    Id,Operator,Action
    1,view,View your playlist
    2,find,Find a particular song
    3,add,Add a song to your playlist
    4,change,Change the name of the file on which you want to operate
    5,create,Creates a file with a given name if it does not exist
    6,remove,Remove a song from your playlist
    7,clear, Remove all the songs from your playlist
    8,delete, Delete the whole file
    9,exit,Exit Program
    It consists from headers: "Id", "Operator" and "Action". Operator show what exactly must be given via input into python and what action will be achieved by doing so. It is achieved by usage of starting_menu() function.
    #### main() function
    At the beginning, a global variable called exit is asserted to value 0. It will be used later in action_add() function. Then writing "What would you like to do?" and also menu about which I have written earlier are printed. Then there is an infinite loop caused by while True expression. Inside that loop, we have to input a valid name of csv file on which we want to operate. It is checked by a validate_name() function, which used re library and regular expression r"^.*?\.csv$" as format. If everything is alright, the function returns True, then the program breaks out of that loop. Otherwise, a communicate "You chose invalid name for your file! Please try again." is shown, and we have to try to input a valid name again. I thought it would be easier to use the program in that way, as then it is not necessary to run it several times to get a proper name for a file. Afterwards, a program enters another infinite loop. At the beginning, we have to input a name of the action which we want to perform. It is checked by the validate_action() function which simply checks if the string which we give via input is in the given list: list_of_action=["view","find","add","remove","exit","clear","change", "delete","create"]. If yes, the function return True and we can go on. Otherwise, it returns False, and we see a communicate: "You chose an invalid operator! There is no such action. Input valid operator." and we have to try to input a valid operator again. It was done because of the same reason as the first loop. We do not have to run the program again if we accidentally misspell something. Then there is a complex if structure which depending on what action was chosen calls different functions which will be described later.
    #### File does not exist:
    If a file does not exist, all the functions except for action_change() show a communicate "File with such name does not exist! Nothing can be done.".
    #### action_view():
    If a file exists, but it's empty, then a function will show a communicate "Your playlist is empty at the moment. Add some songs to see results." otherwise a playlist consisting of id, author, title and url address formatted as starting_menu will be printed. Then functions return, and we can choose another actions as we are still in infinite loop.
    #### action_find():
    If a file exists, but it's empty, then a function will show a communicate "There are no songs in this file, therefore nothing can be found.". Otherwise, our file is opened in a special format ("ab+", encoding="utf-8") which allows omitting any possible errors in case there are some signs which cannot be mapped by Unicode (this is the case with almost all the places when we have to read something or write anything to our file). Unicodecsv library is also necessary in this case. Then we have to input author and title of song, which url address we want to get. Then a for loop iterates over all values in our file and if a particular author and title are equal to our input we get back the url address with a communicate "URL address of that song is:". If after all iterations nothing was found then we will see a communicate "It looks like the song you are looking for is not on your playlist." Then functions return, and we can choose another actions as we are still in infinite loop.
    #### action_add():
    At the beginning, we have to input the url address of a song which we would like to add to our playlist. Then the url address is validated by a validate_url function. Regular expression: r"^https?://(www\.)?youtube.com/.+?$" serves that purpose. If the address is invalid then we see a communicate "Your url address is incorrect! Please try once again." and we cannot input the url again. We come back and have to choose action again. I decided to do so in case the url address is incorrect, and the user does not have any other song that he or she would like to the playlist. On the other hand, if the url address is alright then if the file is empty then headlines are printed: "id", "author", "title","url". Then lines in file are counted. If there are only headlines and accordingly only one line then with help of pytube library author and title of the video are asserted to author and title variables. Then everything is written into our file. Then we can choose another operation. If there are more lines in our file, then a for loop iterates over it. If a title and title of a particular song already are in the file, then we see a communicate "You already have that song in your playlist." exit variable is set to be 1 with a help of set_global_exit() which then allows breaking out of loop. Then we can choose another actions. Otherwise, the song's author title and url are written to a file in a normal way, and then we can choose another action.
    #### action_change()
    This function allows changing the name of the file on which we want to operate. To do so, we have to input a name of our new file. It is again validated by validate_name() function. If it is invalid then we will see a communicate "You chose invalid name for your file! Please try again." otherwise, we changed the file on which we will operate and we can then choose other operations.
    #### action_create()
    If a file with a particular name already exists, and we use this function, we will see a communicate: "File with such name already exists! A new file with the same name cannot be created.". Otherwise, a file with a given name is created and a communicate "File with a given name has been created." is printed. Then we can choose other operations.
    #### action_remove():
    If a file is empty or there are only headlines in it, we will see a communicate: "There are no songs to be removed!". Otherwise, we have to input author and name of the song which we would like to remove from our playlist. Then for loop iterates over our old file and collects data. If the author and title of a particular song are the same as our input, then it is omitted. The rest of the data is put into a list of lists. Then a file is reopened in "wb+" format (so it is cleared). Another for loop takes the data out of that list of list and writes them in a new file. Inside for there is an additional if condition as there are some considerable problems with headlines and assessing id to every song. Then we can choose other actions.
    #### action_clear():
    If the file is empty or there are only headlines, we will see a communicate: "There are no songs in this file, therefore nothing can be done.". Otherwise, we have to confirm that we want to clear the whole file and remove everything from it. If we input yes, then we see a communicate: "File has been cleared!" and then we can choose other actions. If we input no, then we see a communicate: "Nothing has been done.". File has not been cleared, and we can then choose other actions. Finally, if we input anything else than yes or no, we will see a communicate: "You chose invalid option! Please try once again." and we are back to choosing operations.
    #### action_delete()
    It's the same scheme as with action_clear() function. The only difference is that the file is deleted, not cleared. We also have to confirm if we want to continue. If yes, we see f"{file_name} has been deleted." if not, "Nothing has been done.". If we give via input something different, "You chose invalid option! Please try once again.". Then we again can choose some other actions to be performed.
    #### action_exit()
    This action exits the program via sys.exit() function
    #### Summarizing:
    Hopefully, I was able to describe how this project works. As I already mentioned, it's the first time I have ever done something like this. I have also never written .md files before, and I hope it is readable enough. I am looking forward to future challenges. The only thing left to say is undoubtedly: IT WAS CS50!
